README.md, before:

# Passzip

Passzip is a simple tool to zip file with random generated password on macOS.

## Installation

Use `gem install` as follows:

    $ gem install passzip

## Usage

    passzip [-l <passlength>] <target>

Default password length is 10.

An encrypted zip file `<target>.zip` and a password file `<target>.pass` will be created.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/yamaimo/passzip. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Passzip project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/passzip/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Add options to generate and encrypt separately.

README.md, after:

# Passzip

Passzip is a simple tool to zip file with random generated password on macOS.

## Installation

Use `gem install` as follows:

    $ gem install passzip

## Usage

### Generate and encrypt together

    passzip [-l <passlength>] <target>

Default password length is 10.

An encrypted zip file `<target>.zip` and a password file `<target>.pass` will be created.

### Generate and encrypt separately

    passzip -g [-l <passlength>] <target>

Generate password only. The password will be written in a file `<target>.pass`.

    passzip -e <target>

Encrypt only. The password in the file `<target>.pass` will be used for encryption.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/yamaimo/passzip. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Passzip project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/passzip/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
